from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
the children of Israel saying if a woman
has conceived and born a male child then
she shall be unclean seven days as in
the days of her customary impurity she
shall be unclean and on the eighth day
the flesh of his foreskin shall be
circumcised she shall then continue in
the blood of her purification 33 days
she shall not touch any hallowed thing
nor come into the sanctuary until the
days of her purification are fulfilled
but if she bears a female child then she
shall be unclean two weeks as in her
customary impurity and she shall
continue in the blood of her
purification 66 days when the days of
her purification are fulfilled whether
for a son or a daughter she shall bring
to the priest a lamb of the first year
as a burnt offering and a young pigeon
or a Turtledove as a sin offering to the
door of the tabernacle of meeting then
he shall offer it before the Lord and
make atonement for her and she shall be
clean from the flow of her blood this is
the law for her who was born a male or a
female and if she is not able to bring a
lamb then she may bring two turtledoves
or two young pigeons one as a burnt
offering and the other as a sin offering
so the priest shall make atonement for
and she will be clean
[Music]